quietly
I Love You
No matter if I am Qin Shi
Still world-weary
I have the same feelings for you.
I didn't mean to lie to you on purpose.
I also want to tell you the truth.
Only when I heard
When you won't marry Yan Shiqing
I hesitated.
I'm afraid I'll tell you the truth
You will leave me behind
Actually for a while
And that's how I came to be.
Everyone thinks that the world-weary leader has a lot of fame
But I don't know that there is danger behind it
I was 18.
Which is a lot like you.
My father was killed by a business adversary.
I was promoted to my father's wave of control
world-weary
Poor man was poisoned
Although my life was saved
But it left this embarrassing scar
But at my lowest point
Father died
I was in danger.
Everyone thinks we've done something wrong
Those who used to flatter us
They start to avoid us
Some will even be injured miserably
Too bad I'm lucky
I not only survived
And I made a comeback.
Those people
Come around like flies again
Say nice things about crocodiles to me
Their laughter
As hypocritical as you can be.
In fact, that's how the world works, isn't it?
When you're okay
Dogs will see you
Once you reach
Your fart smells good
You are a world-weary president
Why are you so rude?
You finally listened to me
Oh, Flower and Grass Li Fufei?
I am the president of Yan's Group
How many Yingying Yanyan are there around?
But when I was Qin Shi
Who among the rich has looked me in the eye?
I don't want my other half
A person who only covets the whole world
But someone who truly loves me
People who want to be with me for the rest of their lives
Of course there is another reason
But I confirmed what happened 5 years ago
Tell the money again
Very lucky
I finally
I found someone who doesn't care who I am
piano
Would you like to continue with me?
Ye Shiqing
Let's get a divorce.